<!-- 
1. What is project about
2. libraries used
3. what is api 
-->
# **What is an API?**

API is acronym  for Application Programming Interface, which is a software intermediary that allows two applications to talk to each other.

In this project we are making an application using python that will help in fetching and testing APIs using various libraries of python.

# **SYNAPSE**

A search engine is a software system that is designed to carry out web searches. They search the web in a systematic way  for particular information specified in a textual web search query.

In this project we are going to build a search engine which can show us the search results it fetched from a few selected web sites.



# **APPROACH FOR BUILDING THE API TESTER:** 

An API tester is able to perform the following tasks for any given API:
- Creating the GUI
- Testing the API 
- Showing response 


### Creating the GUI:
The first step is to create a Graphic User Interface. It will allow the user to enter the API link and necessary params to be tested and also the output of the testing will be shown here.

### Testing the API:
Once we recieved the link through the GUI, the API link along with nessecary parameters, will be sent and test the API using *requests* library. 

### Showing Response:
As the name suggests, after the testing of the API, the outcome of the test is shown in the GUI created earlier.



# **LIBRARIES USED IN THE PROJECT**
- Tkinter
- Requests
- tkhtmlview
- BeautifulSoap4
- pywebcopy


##### You are welcome to use any other alternatives to the libraries mentioned above.



