<!-- 
1. download
2. requested function 
-->


## The  ```Intigratioin```   Function

Here the requested function is defined for taking input parameters from user and sending request to server and updating response in GUI.
The flow of the function is as follows:
 1. Setting the variable for taking input from user. Like we make variable url for takin url from the user.
 2. Now setting up the variable for the selected type of request.
     a. Now to get that we define a function got(), where we returned the selected text
     b. And stored the selected test in a variable here in case it is "t"
 3. After that we passed all the necessary inputs to the request function which returns us the Status code, Text and Header response.
 4. we stored all those response in variables here in case statcode for status code, txt is for text and hed for header
 5. Then we just updated the response in the GUI

```
def got():
    selected_dropdown = clicked.get() #to get what the user selected in drop down.
    return(selected_dropdown)

def integrated():
    #taking input from user
    url = inputtext.get(1.0, "end-1c") # will be same for param ,auth ,json
    t = got() #the function which stored the selected request type
    statcode, txt, hed = request(t , url, param, auth, head, json)
    response.insert(tk.END , txt) #to update text response in the GUI
    statuscode.config(text = statcode) # to update status code in GUI
```


## **Save**
We are going to use following python libraries to achieve the task
1. pywebcopy
1. Tkinter Dialogs
### **pywebcopy**
PyWebCopy is a free tool for copying full or partial websites locally onto your hard-disk for offline viewing.
### Run the following command to import this library:
```
pip install pywebcopy
```
***
### **tkinter.simpledialog**
We are going to use ```tkinter.simpledialog``` library for receiving a pop-up dialog-box after saving the response.
### Run the following command to import this library:
```
pip install tkinter.simpledialog
```
***
## The ```Download``` Function 
We are going to define a new function "download" for downloading the fetched response.
Inside the download function we are calling the requested function . 
Then by the "save_website"  method of pywebcopy we are downloading response in our local directory.
```
from pywebcopy import save_website
from tkinter import messagebox

def download():
    link = requested()
    save_website( url=link, project_folder="./folder_path")
    messagebox.showinfo("Success!", "Project folder saved.")
```    
- [pywebcopy Documentation](https://pypi.org/project/pywebcopy/)
- [Tkinter Dialogs Documentations](https://docs.python.org/3/library/dialog.html)
